{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red4\green50\blue137;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c27451\c60784;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.hypebeast.com/tags/kelly-wearstler"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Kelly Wearstler}}
\f0\fs36 \cf4 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 has created a collection of stone furniture and objects, with forms inspired by weaving techniques.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 Designed alongside natural materials company ARCA, the Nudo 2.0 collection was unveiled at this year\'92s\'a0 Art Basel Miami Beach 2024. For Wearstler, inspiration came from combining visuals brought about by ancient techniques with cutting-edge production methods.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 Having worked together in 2022 (on Nudo 1.0), the new collection expands on Wearstler\'92s previous ARCA collaboration. This time, she has created a coffee table, dining table, lounge chair, bench, and \'96 a real highlight \'96 a ping pong table.\cb1 \
\cb3 Each piece begins life as a 3D render, allowing the shape and design to be adapted and changed. Then, a stone is selected. For Nudo 2.0, Wearstler chose to work with Onyx. \'93Each piece begins as a monolithic block of stone, transformed through a blend of traditional craftsmanship and innovative technology,\'94 Wearstler said. \'93With each stone\'92s natural intricacies, no two pieces are alike. Each design embodies its own distinct spirit, honoring the raw beauty and expressive character of marble.\'94\cb1 \
\cb3 For the coffee table, the Onyx is carved to feature an undulating base. The dining table takes on the shape of a natural rock formation weathered over time, and the bench is crafted to have layered, hollow arches. The ping pong table is intended to double up as a dining table, with the net being easily removed.\cb1 \
\cb3 NUDO 2.0 debuted during Miami Art Week at ARCA\'92s Wynwood showroom. The pieces are available to purchase directly from the showroom and online at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://kellywearstler.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 kellywearstler.com}}.\cb1 \
}